# Senior-I.S.---Wooster
Author: Ethan Hunt
Email: ethan@yellowtailbelize.com
2/19/2026

This is a replication package for the paper "Estimating the Development Impacts of Climate Finance."

IMPORTANT: If you would like to use the main data for the analysis, please use Output>Data>cf_data_v4.csv

File Structure

Code
-code needed to run the project
-It is in the order to be run. 1 is data wrangling, 2 is regression tables, and 3 is visualizations (viz) and summary statistics (sum stats)
-There is no "one-click" replication. The file path needs to be replaced at the header of the file. Everything should work after that. I apologize on this front as there were major time constraints.  
-The name indicates the regressions they run. The first word if the dependent variable, the second is the level of aggregation, the third is if there are any interactions (int) or lags (lag)

Below is the correspondence between files in the Code folder and the Tables they generate. Some adjustments were made for formatting. 

Fig. 4.1 - 3.1 Viz
Fig. 4.2 - 3.1 Viz
Fig. 4.3 - 3.1 Viz
Fig. 4.4 - 3.1 Viz
Fig. 4.5 - 3.1 Viz

Table 4.1 - 3.1 Viz
Table 4.3 - 3.1 Viz

Table 5.1 - 2.1.1 output 
Table 5.2 - 2.2.1 pov
Table 5.3 - 2.2.1 pov
Table 5.4 - 2.2.1 pov 
Table 5.5 - 2.3.1 inf mort lag
Table 5.6 - 2.4.1 unemp
Table 5.7 - 2.4.2 unemp int
Table 5.8 - 2.5.2 lfpr disag
Table 5.9 - 2.5.2 lfpr disag
Table 5.10 - 2.5.2 lfpr disag
Table 5.11 - 2.5.1 lfpr ag lags
Table 5.12 - 2.5.1 lfpr ag lags
Table 5.13 - 2.6.1 cap ag
Table 5.14 - 2.6.1 cap ag
Table 5.14 - 2.6.1 cap ag
Table 5.15 - 2.6.2 cap disag
Table 5.16 - 2.6.1.2 cap ag int

Table A.1 - 2.1.2 output lag int
Table A.2 - 2.3.2 inf mort lag int
Table A.3 - 2.2.2 pov int lag
Table A.4 - 2.2.2 pov int short long
Table A.5 - 2.2.2 pov int short long

Output
Output>Data - data generated by Code>1 Wrangling; used for analysis
Output>Graphs - visualizations
Output>Tables - Statistical Tables

Raw
-Raw data used to generate the project. Details for that all data sources are found in the appendix. For the OECD and World Bank, API calls are used in 1.Wrangling. The rest are downloaded and used locally.
-Raw>Controls - locally downloaded raw control data. There is some unused data in the project. Here are sources for the ambiguously named controls. If there are no details, input into google.
 	>budget - IMF World Economic Outlook
 	>eu epl - Employment data for Estonia - see data appendix for authorship
	>FAS - financial access survey IMF
	>gain - ND-GAIN index
	>GII - Global Innovation Index (Kaggle)
	>lfpr - labor force participation (ILO)
	>output gap - IMF
	>pwt - Penn World Tables
	>sch - avg years of schooling
	>tfp - total factor productivity (The Conference Board)
	>wars - see Appendix for authorship. 
-Raw>Fan et al - Climate finance data
-Raw>ISO Codes - ISO Codes generated used to merge datasets together. Each dataset needs a unique ISO to country name pairing since country naming is not standardized. To create them, I looked at the country names from each dataset and assigned the appropriate ISO code.
-Raw>USA CPI - The US CPI from the world bank used to convert everything to real units.

Computations Specifications
Windows 11, core i7
Python 3.12.7 w/ pandas 2.3.3, statsmodels 0.14.5, numpy 2.3.3, wbgapi 1.0.12
Stata 19 SE w/ estout and pip
